You remind me
I will not violate the rules of the Dragon Temple
Let your subordinates bully the martyrs
deserve death
We are not humble
Can't stand your help?
Old people come
I know you have complaints in your hearts
But General Qi has been battling abroad all these years
I don't know if my subordinates neglect the care of veterans
Will cause this
Although Li Erniu deserved a thousand times
But he was right about one thing.
Once it's done, it's a waste of bones
We defended our country when we were young
to old
It's dead.
Bullying trash
General Qi
He is also the coach of the Qi Family Army who has won countless battles
Are you the backbone of the Qi Army?
You don't bend over in your life, you're not noble
You you
General Qi is sorry for the Qi army
I'm even more sorry for you.
Please give me a chance.
Let me take care of the veterans
The concubine attempts to seize the man in black
I will definitely give you an explanation.
Ok ok